#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
--trusted-host pypi.python.org
--trusted-host pypi.org
--trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org

-e git+https://github.com/django-cms/django-cms.git@develop-4#egg=django-cms
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-alias
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-pageadmin
    #   djangocms-url-manager
    #   djangocms-version-locking
    #   djangocms-versioning
-e git+https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-alias.git@master#egg=djangocms-alias
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/fsbraun/djangocms-frontend.git@master#egg=djangocms-frontend
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/FidelityInternational/djangocms-pageadmin.git@1.0.0#egg=djangocms-pageadmin
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-text-ckeditor.git@support/4.0.x#egg=djangocms-text-ckeditor
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-frontend
-e git+https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-url-manager.git@master#egg=djangocms-url-manager
    # via -r requirements.in
-e git+https://github.com/FidelityInternational/djangocms-version-locking.git@master#egg=djangocms-version-locking
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via django
boto3==1.21.27
    # via django-storages
botocore==1.24.27
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cffi==1.15.0
    # via cryptography
click==8.0.4
    # via pip-tools
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cssselect2==0.5.0
    # via svglib
django==3.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-entangled
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filer
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-parler
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-select2
    #   django-storages
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangocms-alias
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-pageadmin
    #   djangocms-url-manager
    #   djangocms-version-locking
    #   djangocms-versioning
    #   easy-thumbnails
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-select2
django-apptemplates==1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-entangled==0.4
    # via djangocms-frontend
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filer==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-frontend
django-fsm==2.8.0
    # via djangocms-versioning
django-js-asset==2.0.0
    # via django-mptt
django-mptt==0.13.4
    # via django-filer
django-parler==2.3
    # via djangocms-alias
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via django-filer
django-select2==7.10.0
    # via djangocms-frontend
django-storages[boto3]==1.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-treebeard==4.5.1
    # via djangocms-pageadmin
djangocms-admin-style==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-attributes-field==2.0.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-url-manager
djangocms-icon==2.0.0
    # via djangocms-frontend
djangocms-versioning @ https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-versioning/tarball/master
    # via -r requirements.in
easy-thumbnails==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filer
environs==9.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jmespath==1.0.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
lxml==4.8.0
    # via svglib
marshmallow==3.15.0
    # via environs
packaging==21.3
    # via marshmallow
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   reportlab
pip-lock==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==6.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   environs
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
reportlab==3.6.9
    # via
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   svglib
s3transfer==0.5.2
    # via boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
svglib==1.2.1
    # via easy-thumbnails
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pep517
unidecode==1.1.2
    # via django-filer
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via botocore
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
